# Configuration File

Within the document project folder there should be a configuration file called
`config.json`.  This is a JSON[^JSON] formatted file which contains settings
for the generated document:

	{
		"copyright": "2013",
		"index": true,
		"title": "Document Builder Installation & User Guide",
		"version": null
	}

[^JSON]: http://www.json.org/

## Supported Settings

### `copyright`

If your `config.json` file contains a `copyright` entry, then that will be
used as the start year in the standard copyright message included in all
documents built.

For example, if you provide the following copyright value:

	{
		"copyright": "2009"
	}

If the current year was 2009 as well, the global copyright message would
contain:

	Copyright © 2009 {{___COMPANY_NAME___}} All rights reserved.

If the current year was 2013, then the global copyright message would contain:

	Copyright © 2009-2013 {{___COMPANY_NAME___}} All rights reserved.

If you don't provide this value then the current year only will be used:

	Copyright © 2013 {{___COMPANY_NAME___}} All rights reserved.

Additionally, when this copyright year value is calculated it is used to
create the `\{{___COPYRIGHT___}}` global replacement tag.  See
{{link|section:Text Replacements}} for details.

### `index`

This boolean setting determines whether an index page will be generated in the
document or not:

	{
		"index": true
	}

Or:

	{
		"index": false
	}

If set to `true` then an index will be generated, if set to `false` then an
index will not be generated.  The default value is `false`.

See {{link|section:Indexes}} for details on how to create index entries.

### `title`

The `title` setting will be used as the document title.  This value will be
used on the title page of the document, and also for generating the filename
used for the final PDF:

	{
		"title": "Document Builder Installation & User Guide"
	}

If not set, a value of `Untitled Document` will be used.

### `version`

The `version` setting is an optional version number that will be used as part
of the generated filename for the final PDF:

	{
		"version": null
	}

Or:

	{
		"version": "1.0.0a"
	}

The default value is `null`.

This setting is also used to create the `\{{___VERSION___}}` global
replacement tag. See {{link|section:Text Replacements}} for details.
