# Text Replacements

During the document build process you can perform text replacements by adding
replacement tags to the Markdown files.  For example:

	This manual describes how to install \{{PRODUCT_NAME}}.

The replacements for these tags are looked up from the replacements file
provided to the {{appname}} script.

The filename for the replacements file should be `replacements.json` and this
should be located in the root directory of your document source as described
in the {{link|section:Project Layout}} section.

The replacements file should be in JSON format, and should contain sections
for each individual language the document will support, plus a global section
which contains values that are used for all languages.  For example:

	{
		"global": {
			"PRODUCT_NAME": "OurProductNameThisMonth™",
			"replace_me": "Globally replaced"
		},
		"en": {
			"replace_me": "replaced"
		},
		"de": {
			"replace_me": "ersetzt"
		},
		"fr": {
			"replace_me": "remplacé"
		}
	}

This will replace all instances of `\{{PRODUCT_NAME}}` in the source files
with `{{PRODUCT_NAME}}` during the merge process, before processing is handed
off to pandoc for conversion to Docbook format.

To recap the previous example:

	This manual describes how to install \{{PRODUCT_NAME}}.

Would be translated into:

	This manual describes how to install {{PRODUCT_NAME}}.

Language specific replacements take precedence over global replacements, so
with the above configuration `\{{replace_me}}` would be replaced with
`ersetzt` when building the German version of a document, `replaced` in
the English version and `remplacé` when building the French document.

As there is also a global setting for the `\{{replace_me}}` tag, if you are
building a language version that does not have its own replacements section,
the global version would be used and would therefore be replaced with
`Globally replaced`

## Built-in Global Replacements

The following global replacements are built-in and can be used in any document
without adding them to your `replacements.json` file

Table: Global replacements

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Tag Value          Description
----------------------   -----------------------------------------------------
 `___COMPANY_NAME___`    The company/copyright name.

 `___COPYRIGHT___`       The copyright year.  This will either contain the
                         current year if you did not provide a start year in
                         the document's configuration file, otherwise it will
                         contain the provided year to the current year in the
                         format YYYY-YYYY.  If the provided year is the same
                         as the current year, only that year will be returned.

 `___VERSION___`         The version number specified in the config file.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

All of these have three underscore characters leading and trailing the word.

These global replacements can be overridden if required by adding replacements
with identically named tags to the `global` section of your document's
`replacements.json` file.

## Escaping Replacement Tags

If you ever need to include text in a document that might otherwise be matched
by a replacement, it's possible to escape that tag to ensure that it is not
replaced:

	This \\{{tag}} will not be replaced

The backslash character will be removed by the parsing process, so the escape
character will not appear in your final document:

	This \{{tag}} will not be replaced
